Mid year review today

### Content
- Go over goal updates and discuss feedback

### Potential Revisions to goals


### Pitch Sheet
- Experienced in EO/IR imaging, Radar tech. or machine learning techniques, Including advanced image processing, signal processing, comp. visn. AI/ML/MLOps. As well as experience in a leadership role
	- Total Duration of time working projects related
	- Project/Challenge/Accomplishments for particular sub-projects
	- An experience in a leadership role, Role/Challenge/Accomplishments

- Work as one of the primary internal stakeholders of a final product, demonstrate ability to mentor junior and senior engineers. Demonstrate ability to complete difficult tasks, with no oversight from senior engineers. Participation in leadership/management of scrum team, and with customer/project management
	- Primary Internal Stakeholder?
	- Description of mentorship opportunities or an overview of related
	- Description of difficult set of tasks, and accomplishments
	- Leadership description

- 2 years experience as scrum master, tech lead or product owner. Present a customer facing demo/presentation. 
	- Project/challenge/accomplishments in relation to one of the above leadership roles
	- Description of customer facing presentation

- Consistent critical contributions. Consistently identify and improve existing code
	- List of major contributions
	- description of a BP/sustainability/optimization effort

- Plan/execute goals directly contributing to program goals, or field specific dept. goals
	- description of these goals and how they impacted the business or product dev. objectives


### 3-year trajectory

- Develop Solutions for the SPEIR project
- Strive for an opportunity leading a project/sub-project generally or as tech lead, scrum master, product owner on current project, existing, or new BD opportunity (possibly aid in new BD discovery)
	- Demonstrate confidence and competency in my abilities pertaining to current projects
	- Continue to develop a comprehensive understanding of SOTA, leading methodologies and industry leading technology, in Computer Vision, Tracking, Object detection, MLOps and related fields
	- Demonstrate the value provided to projects in this regard


### Feedback for Chad

Possibly involve more input across the team for BD opportunities, Could be able to cast a wider or more accurate net
